1.) Gradient : CSS gradients let you display smooth transitions between two or more specified colors.
  types 
    
    Linear Gradients (goes down/up/left/right/diagonally)
    Radial Gradients (defined by their center)
    Conic Gradients (rotated around a center point) 

* we  can also add gradients on angles bases for example
    like :- Linear gradients (180deg, red, yellow)
and angles are defie -) 0deg is equivalent to "to top".
                        A value of 90deg is equivalent to "to right
                        A value of 180deg is equivalent to "to bottom"

* The repeating-linear-gradient() function is used to repeat linear gradients:
                                  0 means full transparecy and 1 means full colors

2.) box-sizing :

* ) content-box-:  The width and height properties  includes only the content. 
                Border and padding are not included

* ) border-box-:The width and height properties  includes content, padding and border

* ) initial :- by default
* ) inherit :- inheritance 

3.) clip-path :-  The clip-path property lets you clip an element to a basic shape or to an SVG source.

4.) line height: - he line-height property specifies the height of a line.

5.) Position:- The position property specifies the type of positioning method used for an element 
                (static, relative, fixed, absolute or sticky).

* :-Static position
    An element with position: static; is not positioned in any special way.
     it is always positioned according to the normal flow of the page:


* :-relative position
     An element with position: relative; is positioned relative to its normal position.

* :- fix position
     which means it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled.


6.) animation :- CSS allows animation of HTML elements without using JavaScript or Flash!

@keyframes :- this annotation is used for animation
animation-name :- animation function name
animation-duration :- animation time how long 
animation-delay :- it is used to delay the timing of animation
animation-iteration-count :-  repeating of animation 
animation-direction 
animation-timing-function
animation-fill-mode :-The animation-fill-mode property specifies a style for 
                    the target element when the animation is not playing. 


7.) transform :- The transform property applies a 2D or 3D transformation to an element,
                This property allows you to rotate, scale, move, skew, etc

                skew:- The skew() method skews an element along the X and Y-axis by the given angles.


8.) translate :- The translate property allows you to change the position of elements.
